OK, you can see up on the screen there, I have the Spring 5 jokes up and a V2, so this section
of the course is actually being rerecorded.
So there's a second repository that I will be replacing the original one with.
So this brand new repository.
And that's why I'm using the V2 hand it to the end there.
Now, right now, this repository is more or less empty.
You see, it's basically got the README license and I git ignore file and I am on the main branch.
So that is the default branch for this repository.
And I've gone in and I've created an issue and something I like to start doing
in the course as far as using GitHub issues, it allows me to check in against this.
So you'll be able to see exactly what I committed for the code.
And in this example here, we are just going to create the initial project and I'm going to show you
two different ways to do that.
One, let's go ahead and use Spring Initializr.
This is Josh Long's favorite site ever start.spring.io
And you'll see in my slides that I spell it like they did here.
They got a little bit of a funky spelling there, that a few people say, hey, you got a typo there,
like know kind of how they decided to spell it.
So right now you should be able to use the most recent version of Spring Boot, the time recording.
We are in the 2.4.2.
So I'm going to go ahead and utilize that again.
Maven Java and come here, do my my package.
This is a pretty common Java Convention as far as doing reverse domain name, I know not all languages
do that.
And what I like to do here, you can see that I've got the Spring 5 jokes out just out of my personal
convention.
I like to make that the same name as the project.
So now the artifact.
So my artifact name matches the repository name just a way that I personally keep things organized.
We are going to go ahead and use the jar packaging Java 11. You see here, Java 15 is available.
I am not running on the newer releases.
I'm staying on the long term release of Java 11 for this.
And we need to add in two dependencies.
We want to come up here and do Spring Web and then also we want
Thymeleaf.
So we'll go ahead and bring that in as far as our template went.
So very, very simple project.
That's all we need.
And just double check everything here.
And I could update the description and whatnot if I wanted to. For this here,
I'm just going to take it as is.
And when I click on Generate, I can see that that has downloaded a zip file.
So depending on your operating system, grabbed that zip file and you could copy it over into your working
directory.
Now, the second way of generating project is right through IntelliJ.
So I can jump over to IntelliJ and generate this project again using IntelliJ.
So let me toggle over to IntelliJ.
And here, what I want to do is come up to file new, I'm going to say new project.
And here, I want you the Spring Initializr where you can see that it's asked me for JDK and the default
service, y'all apparently could change.
I don't know of any alternatives out there.
I imagine they probably have developed in preproduction ones, and I don't know of any third parties
using one.
But if there is, you could change it there.
We don't need to.
So I'm going to click on Next. Again, use the first domain.
That should still have that on the clipboard as far as the name, so spring5 jokes app v2. Maven
Java Jar 11
The version, the 0 0 1 snapshot, that is perfectly fine, the name here.
Take that Chuck Norris jokes up and I'm just taken here. So this is fine, too, so it's setting up
a default package of gurus.springframework.spring5jokesappv2 that you could overwrite
it
if you want.
I'm going to take the default on that.
So let's go ahead and say next.
And here, very simple, you want spring web.
Temple Engines Thymeleaf and you can see here 2.4.2 and I'm going to say next and here's where it's
going to allow me to say where I want to bring it.
And let's come in here.
You need to navigate through so you can see a lot of my courses in here.
So in here, so I'm going to do spring 5 spring 5 jokes app. So you can see the module name. Just
double checking everything.
Everything looks good.
So content root.
And now I am just going to go ahead and click on Finish.
And here you can see that it is downloaded and created and you can see here, I did cheat a little bit
because I am working on this. We do have the read me here, which is exactly what I wanted.
So I had checked out of GitHub into that directory.
So it already cloned the directory.
But now what I've done is I took the Spring Initializr from inside of IntelliJ and generated those
files through IntelliJ.
Now, if you downloaded everything from the start.spring.io you would have to copy these files
into that networking directory.
So if you checked out into a working directory, you'd want to copy those files
in and when you're done with everything, what you want to do is basically have what I'm seeing here.
So we have the source, main Java, the spring boot application there.
Let me resize this a little bit.
So now this is the initial spring boot application, and what I'm going to do is I'll go ahead and commit
this, I toggle back over to Crome.
I'm going to commit all the files that I generated through the Spring Boot Initializr or into GitHub,
and I will tag it with this issue number one here to create the Spring Boot project.
And you'll see exactly what got committed.
All the files that were generated in this video, you'll see committed against the ticket here.